# SHARP
Prediction models and Shiny App for SHARP project
Disclaimer:, The presented model is used to determine the treatment benefit of neurosurgical versus endovascular aneurysm treatment for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. The results follow from carefully conducted research. This prediction tool has been developed based on data of the International Subarachnoid Aneurysm Trial (ISAT, n = 2143). We performed internal-external leave-one-out cross-validation. Before you use the app, make sure that you read the background information, which will help you to interpret its output, the statistical analysis plan (Published in BMJ Open (2022); doi:), and the main paper (Published in PAPER (year), doi:). The model is only applicable for patients with an aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage eligible for neurosurgical and endovascular aneurysm treatment, so called treatment equipose. As a model can never replace clinical judgement, it can only be used as a prediction-support tool. This prediction tool should be used exclusively by health care professionals as a complementary tool to estimate treatment benefit of endovascular versus neurosurgical aneurysm treatment. Any responsibility for using this model and its results will rest solely by the health care professional using the model. Using it, you should understand and agree that this site is not responsible or liable for any claim, loss, or damage resulting from its use. While we try to keep the information on the site as accurate as possible, we disclaim any warranty concerning its accuracy, timeliness, and completeness, and any other warranty, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
